In response to:
"We have reviewed your item and it does not comply with our program policies. Please re-review this section of our policy: Products must not contain false or misleading information in any content, title, icon, description, or screenshots."

"Screenshots" was bolded in the e-mail. AdBlock Pure never had any screenshots, so I don't really understand the problem. I did just recently change the icon and logo though to a logo that I personally designed using GIMP, so I hope that has resolved this issue, since I am no longer using AdBlock's icon and logo.

If there is a problem with this extension again, please notify me of the exact files that are problematic and a brief explanation why each one is a problem.



...

=== Original Note ===
I was initially denied because I was considered not to be in compliance with the following portion of the policy. I have made changes to remedy this. Please see my explanation below.

"Don't pretend to be someone else, and don't represent that your app is authorized by or produced by another company or organization if that is not the case. Products or the ads they contain also must not mimic functionality or warnings from a user's operating system or browser. Developers should not divert users or provide links to any other site that mimics Chrome Web Store or passes itself off as Chrome Web Store."

"Don't pretend to be someone else, and don't represent that your app is authorized by or produced by another company or organization if that is not the case."
I have changed the wording in the description to make these things as obvious as possible:
1. AdBlock Pure is a separate project from AdBlock.
2. AdBlock Pure developers are not associated with AdBlock.
3. AdBlock developers are not associated with AdBlock Pure.
4. The AdBlock Pure extension only shares with AdBlock the fact that it is derived from AdBlock 2.40.1 source code.
5. The changes that have been made to this source code are not endorsed or authorized by AdBlock. These changes are legally permissible (and it is equally permissible to publish the altered product) because AdBlock is licensed under GPLv3.
I feel that I have made every reasonable effort possible to comply with this sentence of the policy.

"Products or the ads they contain also must not mimic functionality or warnings from a user's operating system or browser."
The functionality is unchanged from AdBlock, so I can't imagine how it could possibly be in violation of this part.

"Developers should not divert users or provide links to any other site that mimics Chrome Web Store or passes itself off as Chrome Web Store."
The only new links I added in addition to what was there in the original AdBlock are links to the Github repository hosting the AdBlock Pure source code, so again I can't imagine how it could possibly be in violation of this part.

I suspect that Google considered me to be in violation of the first sentence because the description contained some of the original text from AdBlock. I have removed the text that I could imagine being misinterpreted as intentionally deceptive and added more text clarifying that this is an entirely separate project. I hope that I am now in compliance, and I hope that my efforts have not gone unnoticed. Thank you for your time.